
1. Check the modules and see what everyone wants is more inclined to do
    https://tcdmodules.vercel.app/v14.1?state=3639359
    Here you can select modules and see the score we would get for passing
    Also those are what Thomas' team selected
    He just advised against the remote player module because it can be quite complicated with the connection stuff

2. Check the "compatibility" of the selected modules and negotiate if needed

3. Adjust the order of things you do based on what depends on other things, like it might sense to do the gameplay on frontend before implementing a login screen, if the backend isn't there yet

4. Decide on the things where the parts from different people interact with each other beforehand 
    (for example: if one person does backend and the other does frontend, agree on the payload and expected responses beforehand, so you have sth to work with even if the other ones part is not there yet).

5. Agree on a working framework. How much time will the team dedicate, how will the PR be reviewed and implemented, sizes of PR and how often they should be done. So everyone is on the same page

6. Agree on a "minimum viable product". Because the team will need to "see" and interact with something (specially the mandatory part) before doing weird things like 3d graphics, complex authentications, etc.
    It's very important that all knows that must work on a minimum viable product, because sometimes there are people that tends to "wander" and the times and development efforts gets directed towards things not so critical

7. Design the architecture for your selected modules and assig works/modules/aspects. Identify bottlenecks, key works/modules/aspects. So everyone knows how could have more pressure and help, to know who will have to dedicate more time (for a specific moment). Identify dependent parts (e.g: user management and authentication)

8. Always take care of the team, the communications, the planning and the process development. Forst starlight the rules, because later its harder to stablish and enforce them.
    And of course, "teach" the others on how to work well / collaborate in github.

9. Oh! And the ones who will own the repo, should be the one that can dedicate more to the project.
    Because usual is the one who'll have to merge PR, dismiss them, create github actions (if you do that), etc.
    It's the one responsible for the work that is pending to be merge, to be work that is actually good to be merged.
    Of course, that pwrson can receive help from the others; but I've seen cases that the repo owner is the one that ha does that the most

______________
